Salt Lake Temple Open House Celebration April to October 2027

Yes! As members of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints, we believeJesus Christis the Son of God and the Savior of the World. He loves us all more than we can imagine. We consider ourselves devoted followers of Jesus. While some of our beliefs are distinct, we believe that through His life, ministry, sacrifice, and resurrection, Jesus Christ saves us from sin, suffering, and death.Learn more about ourbeliefs.

Yes! As members of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints, we believeJesus Christis the Son of God and the Savior of the World. He loves us all more than we can imagine. We consider ourselves devoted followers of Jesus. While some of our beliefs are distinct, we believe that through His life, ministry, sacrifice, and resurrection, Jesus Christ saves us from sin, suffering, and death.

Learn more about ourbeliefs.

Church service times vary from congregation to congregation. However, you can always count on one main worship service for everyone, followed by classes for children, youth, and adults.The service for everyone is called “sacrament meeting.” This meeting consists of songs, prayers, and sermons (or “talks”) given by different members of the congregation every week. But the most important part of the meeting is when we take the sacrament (which is similar to communion) to remember the Savior.Learn more aboutSunday servicesorfind a churchnear you.

Church service times vary from congregation to congregation. However, you can always count on one main worship service for everyone, followed by classes for children, youth, and adults.

The service for everyone is called “sacrament meeting.” This meeting consists of songs, prayers, and sermons (or “talks”) given by different members of the congregation every week. But the most important part of the meeting is when we take the sacrament (which is similar to communion) to remember the Savior.

Learn more aboutSunday servicesorfind a churchnear you.

For Latter-day Saints, atempleis different from other Church buildings. The temple is a place where Latter-day Saints receive special instruction about God and Jesus Christ. In the temple, members make eternal covenants (or promises) with God. This includes promises to keep the commandments, live the gospel of Jesus Christ, be faithful in marriage, and to help take care of each other by sharing what we have.Also, because we believefamilies are forever, much of the work done inside temples is to make family bonds even stronger. Marriages in the temple are performed to last eternally, not just “until death do you part.” Parents and children become eternal families in temples. Ancestors can also receive all the blessings of the temple if someone performs the sacred ordinances in their behalf and they accept that act of service. Temples are busy places!

For Latter-day Saints, atempleis different from other Church buildings. The temple is a place where Latter-day Saints receive special instruction about God and Jesus Christ. In the temple, members make eternal covenants (or promises) with God. This includes promises to keep the commandments, live the gospel of Jesus Christ, be faithful in marriage, and to help take care of each other by sharing what we have.

Also, because we believefamilies are forever, much of the work done inside temples is to make family bonds even stronger. Marriages in the temple are performed to last eternally, not just “until death do you part.” Parents and children become eternal families in temples. Ancestors can also receive all the blessings of the temple if someone performs the sacred ordinances in their behalf and they accept that act of service. Temples are busy places!

The Book of Mormonis a book of inspired scripture that teaches us about God and Jesus Christ. It helps us receive direction for our personal lives and can help us feel closer to Jesus Christ. Where does the name come from? Hundreds of years ago, an ancient prophet named Mormon compiled a record of his people. They faced a lot of the same challenges that we do. And just like us, they found strength when they turned to Jesus Christ.Get an introduction to the Book of Mormon with missionaries.The Book of Mormon stands alongside the Bible as another testament of Jesus Christ and His divine mission as the Savior and Redeemer of the world. Together, the Bible and the Book of Mormon provide more understanding of God’s great love for all of us and can help us come closer to Him.Learn more abouthow the Bible and Book of Mormon work together.

The Book of Mormonis a book of inspired scripture that teaches us about God and Jesus Christ. It helps us receive direction for our personal lives and can help us feel closer to Jesus Christ. Where does the name come from? Hundreds of years ago, an ancient prophet named Mormon compiled a record of his people. They faced a lot of the same challenges that we do. And just like us, they found strength when they turned to Jesus Christ.Get an introduction to the Book of Mormon with missionaries.

The Book of Mormon stands alongside the Bible as another testament of Jesus Christ and His divine mission as the Savior and Redeemer of the world. Together, the Bible and the Book of Mormon provide more understanding of God’s great love for all of us and can help us come closer to Him.

Learn more abouthow the Bible and Book of Mormon work together.

Yes. The Bible is the word of God, a sacred volume of scripture, and following its teachings brings joy to our lives. Along with the Bible, we also find inspiration in other books of scripture unique to The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints. They all work together to teach us important truths about God and Jesus Christ.Learn more about our belief inthe Bible.

Yes. The Bible is the word of God, a sacred volume of scripture, and following its teachings brings joy to our lives. Along with the Bible, we also find inspiration in other books of scripture unique to The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints. They all work together to teach us important truths about God and Jesus Christ.

Learn more about our belief inthe Bible.

Meet online or in person. We’ll answer your questions and introduce you to your local church community.

Good things are happening around the world. Get current updates on Church projects, events, disaster relief efforts, and more.

